contact.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---
<style>
    .post-header {
        display: none;
    }
</style>

# Contact

To best serve our valued clientele, Humanity Stones offers flexible appointment options:

- Private Appointments: Available 7 days a week to accommodate your busy schedule.
- Studio Hours: Visit our vibrant creative studio space most weekends, Friday through Sunday, from 10 am to 3 pm.
- Monthly Pop-Up Events: Stay tuned for our exciting pop-up events where you can experience our handcrafted artistry firsthand.

We are always eager to connect with you! Reach out via phone, email, or text 7 days a week to schedule an appointment, inquire about our products, or discuss a custom creation.

<div class="button-box">
    <button id="phoneButton">Call or Text</button>
    <button id="emailButton">Email Us</button>
</div>

<script type="text/javascript">
    let emailUser="gaemarie",emailDomain="humanitystones.com",emailLink="mailto:"+emailUser+"@"+emailDomain;document.getElementById("emailButton").onclick=function(){window.location.href=emailLink};let phoneCountryCode="+1",phoneArea="845",phoneNumber="2064844",phoneLink="tel:"+phoneCountryCode+phoneArea+phoneNumber;document.getElementById("phoneButton").onclick=function(){window.location.href=phoneLink};

</script>
<style>
#emailButton, #phoneButton {
  background-color: #007acc;
  color: white;
  border: none;
  padding: 10px 20px;
  text-align: center;
  text-decoration: none;
  display: inline-block;
  font-size: 16px;
  margin: 4px 2px;
  cursor: pointer;
}

#emailButton:hover, #phoneButton:hover {
  background-color: #005fa3;
}
</style>

Commit message:

add home parties to contact

contact.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---
<style>
    .post-header {
        display: none;
    }
</style>

# Contact

To best serve our valued clientele, Humanity Stones offers flexible appointment options:

- **NEW!!** Humanity Stones Private Home Parties!! Host an amazing time shopping with friends, personalizing vintage and boho-art style pieces you’ll always treasure, _and_ choose a beautiful free gift from a curated selection of our showcase, our Thank You for sharing Humanity Stones with others. 
- Private Appointments: Available 7 days a week to accommodate your busy schedule.
- Studio Hours: Visit our vibrant creative studio space most weekends, Friday through Sunday, from 10 am to 3 pm.
- Monthly Pop-Up Events: Stay tuned for our exciting pop-up events where you can experience our handcrafted artistry firsthand.

We are always eager to connect with you! Reach out via phone, email, or text 7 days a week to schedule an appointment, inquire about our products, or discuss a custom creation.

<div class="button-box">
    <button id="phoneButton">Call or Text</button>
    <button id="emailButton">Email Us</button>
</div>

<script type="text/javascript">
    let emailUser="gaemarie",emailDomain="humanitystones.com",emailLink="mailto:"+emailUser+"@"+emailDomain;document.getElementById("emailButton").onclick=function(){window.location.href=emailLink};let phoneCountryCode="+1",phoneArea="845",phoneNumber="2064844",phoneLink="tel:"+phoneCountryCode+phoneArea+phoneNumber;document.getElementById("phoneButton").onclick=function(){window.location.href=phoneLink};

</script>
<style>
#emailButton, #phoneButton {
  background-color: #007acc;
  color: white;
  border: none;
  padding: 10px 20px;
  text-align: center;
  text-decoration: none;
  display: inline-block;
  font-size: 16px;
  margin: 4px 2px;
  cursor: pointer;
}

#emailButton:hover, #phoneButton:hover {
  background-color: #005fa3;
}
</style>
